DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/apm-ui-pages/monitoring/external-services-page-view-web-cloud-network-data.mdx

  - APM
  - APM UI pages
  - Monitoring

> metaDescription: 'APM's External services page captures metric details about out-of-process services such as web services, cloud resources, or other network calls.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: APM's External services page captures metric details about out-of-process services such as web services, cloud resources, or other network calls.
```
